1 2 delivery inside corner called strike
three go coming into our ballgame
tonight 11 pitch on the ground as Stoltz
big hop he flips to Miller at second for
one on to first and they turn the 643
double play to end the inning the 21
pitch the Stokes lined into right-field
base hit just a little inside-out swing
there by Stokes into the Tigers have
something and the first pitch to kyle is
hit through the hole right side base hit
one run in here comes Brad Miller around
third heading plate where the throw will
go to second
couple of RBIs is now three nothing
Tigers Ben and his 32 offering here it
is well on drill towards the cat left
centerfield that'll score
Henson going to be waived
burn and cheaper is cleared them with a
double
six nothing Tigers
22 pitch to him swung on in this blew a
fastball by him strike three
payoff pitch here it is swung on and
that is hit out towards the gap in
left-center field and that will skip and
get it all the way to the wall hit that
wet turf and just take a big skip when
all the way the lone wolf chases it down
and standing up at second was a nice
running grab going to the corner by
cloud Parker here's a ground ball hit
the third diving and stopping in his
Henson up and throwing across and in
time his Schaffer able to hold the bag
20 delivery to Wilson boyd fastball
looked at in the air deep centerfield
backing his home looking
boy takes it out
or
and it's 82 tiger home run
five RBIs 40 and 41 22 delivery from
Weissman is swung on and missed strike
three so 22 pitch here it is one hopper
to operative Stoltz he will flip to
second for one on to first DoublePlay
so thick
with it at a time
turn the 6 4 3 double play their second
the ball game to end the inning